Update give-mailbox-permissions-to-another-user.md (#2477)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/admin/add-users/give-mailbox-permissions-to-another-user.md

 **How to use it once permissions are set up:**
  

> There are a few different ways you can access a mailbox once you've been given access. For help on this, refer to this article: [Access another person's mailbox](https://support.microsoft.com/office/A909AD30-E413-40B5-A487-0EA70B763081)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are a few different ways you can access a mailbox once you've been given access. For help on this, refer to this article: [Access another person's mailbox](https://support.microsoft.com/office/A909AD30-E413-40B5-A487-0EA70B763081).
```

> [!NOTE]

> > The Permissions can be setup only within the current organization tenant. It is not possible to setup mailbox permissions with out of tenant Users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The permissions can be set up only within the current organization tenant. It is not possible to set up mailbox permissions with out of tenant users.
```
